Messages
Please review this information carefully

Click the Interview tab on the toolbar to make any changes to your data. Click the Tax return tab to preview or print your complete, detailed tax return. If you are filing electronically, click the EFILE tab.

 GIFI Errors
Errors have been detected with respect to the GIFI data entered. These errors must be rectified in order to paper-file the federal bar code return (BCR) or efile the federal or Quebec return.



GIFI 100 does not balance (GIFI field 2599 does not equal GIFI fields 3499+3620).

Click here to fix.
 
 
 
 
 Errors that prevent filing
A tax return was generated. However, the errors below prevent the transmission of your declaration.

 


BAR CODE RETURN (BCR) VALIDITY CHECKS FAILED
No bar codes were generated

These tax calculations failed the validity check for bar codes. Therefore, no bar codes were generated and you will not be able to file this return with the CRA.
BCR validity checks relate mainly to incomplete or inconsistent data entry. Review the error and warning messages, then make the required changes and recalculate.
The CRA imposes certain validity checks on approved software to ensure that it can process BCR's accurately and quickly. Tax returns containing BCR's that fail these checks are re-routed by the CRA to a manual assessment process which results in potential delays of several months and increased communication between the CRA and the taxpayer.
 
 You cannot currently EFILE your federal return. Please review the following reasons, and make corrections when possible.

 


The federal BCR is not being generated.

 
 
 
 
 Warnings
Please review the notes and warning messages below.



An amount entered in GIFI fields “3700 or 3701” on GIFI – Balance sheet page, the section "Dividends paid" is missing. Click here to verify your data.

 


Tax year presumed to be 365 days according to begin date of operations or incorporation date.

 


There is no entry in the income source section; all income is considered as active business income.

 


Dividends declared have been entered in GIFI but dividends paid has not been entered.

 


No instalments required since total tax instalments calculated are less than or equal to $3,000.

 


GIFI-Field 3849 does not match internal subtotal calculation.

 


GIFI-Field 3849:$45005 Calculation:$8104 Difference:$36901

 


GIFI sch. 100 - total assets does not equal total liabilities plus shareholder equity.

 


GIFI-Field 2599:$25977 (GIFI-Field 3499 + GIFI-Field 3620): $62878 Difference:$36901

 