31 Jan 2026 14587430 Canada Inc. Yr.end: 31-05-2024 Acct.#748003142RC0001
Assembly instructions
Name: 14587430 Canada Inc.
Year end: 2024-05-31
Business number: 748003142RC0001
Canada Revenue
Assembling the federal T2 tax return when Corporation Internet Filing
Agency
If a corporation income tax return is being transmitted electronically by someone other than the required filer, an authorized signing
officer of the corporation must complete and sign Form T183CORP before the tax return is transmitted.
The amounts entered on Form T183CORP must match the amounts on the electronically filed return. Do not submit the form unless
it is requested by CRA. Keep a copy for your records.
A signed Business consent/Cancel business consent confirmation page should also be retained for your records when electronically
submitting this request.
Order of attachments:
Other attachments
This includes forms, eligibility certificates and other certificates or attestations which are not transmitted for Corporation Internet
Filing.
If you have an election that applies to the return that is being filed:
When an election applies, and there is no authorized form for the election, enter the election details in notes to the financial
statements (line 100-0001 on the General Index of Financial Information). When there is an authorized election form, such as
Form T2054, Election for a Capital Dividend under Subsection 83(2), submit a paper copy of the form separately.
Slips, receipts, and documents
After the return has been processed, you may be contacted to obtain supporting documents, so remember to keep
your receipts and information slips for at least six years. This is part of the same verification process that
applies to all tax returns, whether paper or electronic.
Refunds
Refunds for returns filed using the Corporation Internet Filing service will be issued by cheque or by direct deposit.
Balance due
If the corporation's balance owing is less than $2, you do not have to make a payment. If you have to make a
payment to the CRA, a number of options exist.
Pay electronically
Many financial institutions let you conveniently pay your business taxes through their telephone and Internet banking services.
Pay at your financial institution
You can make your payment at your financial institution in Canada, free of charge. Enter your payment amount on a Remittance
Voucher, and take this form with you to your financial institution when you make your payment.
Pay by mail
You can make your payment by mail. Please use a Remittance Voucher when making your payment.
Page 1
