Notes and diagnostics (continued)
FEDERAL CORPORATION INTERNET FILING
Corporations can sign up for "Email notifications" when filing their T2 return through the Internet.
The ability to register for "Email notifications" is only applicable for initial assessments (IAS). The
service cannot be updated when a corporation is submitting a reassessment.
My Business Account should be specified to register for the Canada Revenue Agency's email notification
service.
If you register, the Canada Revenue Agency will send you an email when changes to the account have been
made, or when eligible notices, letters, or statements are available for viewing in My Business Account
(separate registration is required). The Canada Revenue Agency will not send these eligible notices, letters,
or statements to you through Canada Post.
https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/e-services/e-services-businesses/business-account/help-terms-email.html
Corporations that provide their email address must register fully and sign into the My Business Account
portal to view their output and manage their email notifications. Correspondence will not be delivered
electronically until you are registered.
The terms of use for email notifications:
The Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) will send email notifications to the email address you have provided in
order to notify you of any CRA mail available in My Business Account, and to notify you of certain changes
to the account information, and other important information about the account. The notifications that are
eligible for this service may change. As new types of notifications are added or removed from this service,
you may not be notified of each change. To view CRA mail online, you must be registered for My Business
Account, or if you are a representative then you must be registered for Represent a Client and be authorized
on this account. All CRA mail available in My Business Account will be presumed to have been received
on the date that the email notification is sent. Any mail that is eligible for electronic delivery will no
longer be printed and mailed.
It is your responsibility to ensure that the email address provided to the CRA is accurate, and to update
it when there is any change to that email address. CRA email notifications are subject to the terms of any
agreement with your mobile carrier or Internet Service Provider. You are responsible for any fees imposed
by them.
These email notifications are sent unencrypted and unsecured. The email notifications could be lost or
intercepted, or could be viewed or altered by others who have access to your email account. You accept
this risk and acknowledge that the CRA will not be liable if you are unable to access or receive the
email notifications, nor for any delay or inability to deliver notifications.
These terms of use may be changed from time to time. The CRA will provide notice in advance of the effective
date of the new terms. You agree that the CRA may notify you of these changes by emailing the new terms or
notice of where the new terms can be found, to the email address that you provided. You agree that your
use of the service after the effective date of any change to these terms constitutes your agreement to the
new terms.
Email notifications – Privacy notice:
Personal information is collected under the authority of subsection 220(1) of the Income Tax Act and sub-
section 275(1) of the Excise Tax Act and is used for the purpose of sending notices electronically. Information
is described in personal information banks CRA PPU 047 Business Returns and Payment Processing and
CRA PPU 005 Individual Returns and Payment Processing in the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) chapter of
Info Source. Personal information is protected under the Privacy Act and individuals have a right to access,
correct, or notate their personal information and to have their personal information protected. More details about
requests for personal information at the CRA and the CRA's Info Source chapter can be found at
Access to information and privacy at the Canada Revenue Agency.
Diagnostics page 2 of 4
